feat: add a seed value to test runs (#13400)
facebook/jest: docs/CLI.md

:::

### `--seed=<num>`

> Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). If this option is not specified Jest will randomly generate the value.
> 
> The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.
```

```bash
jest --seed=1324
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::tip

If this option is not specified Jest will randomly generate the value. You can use the [`--showSeed`](#--showseed) flag to print the seed in the test report summary.

:::
```

> 

Reviewer: `--showSeed` documentation is missing. Please place it in alphabetical order after `--showConfig`:

```suggestion

### `--showSeed`
Prints the seed value in the test report summary. See [`--seed=<num>`](#seednum) for the details.
```

:::

### `--seed=<num>`

> Provides a seed number that the tests have access to via `jest.getSeed()`.
> If this option isn't specified Jest will randomly generate a seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). If this option is not specified Jest will randomly generate the value.
```

> The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` to `0x7fffffff` inclusive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.
```

:::

### `--seed=<num>`

> Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.

Reviewer 2: Can you write the valid range in decimal as well?

> Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). If this option is not specified Jest will randomly generate the value. The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.

Reviewer: This text is repeating in the tip below. One or another should be removed.

```suggestion
Sets a seed value that can be retrieved in a test file via [`jest.getSeed()`](JestObjectAPI.md#jestgetseed). The seed value must be between `-0x80000000` and `0x7fffffff` inclusive.
```

Print your Jest config and then exits.

> ### `--showSeed`

Reviewer 2: Should we have some "can also be set in configuration" or some such?

Print your Jest config and then exits.

### `--showSeed`

Prints the seed value in the test report summary. See [`--seed=<num>`](#--seednum) for the details.

> 
> An example output, the first line shows the seed used.
> ```
> Seed:        1831310091
> Test Suites: 2 failed, 5 passed, 7 total
> Tests:       15 failed, 11 skipped, 53 passed, 79 total
> Snapshots:   0 total
> Time:        1.138 s
> Ran all test suites.
> ```

Reviewer: Just an opinion – for me this example feels redundant. The printout might change with time, e.g. something might be added. It will be hard to remember to update the text here.

Of course, it is nice to illustrated documentation with examples to make it more attractive for the reader. But this one feels unnecessary for my eye.

```suggestion
```
